Jingyi investigates Xu Wenjin
Make another arrangement.
Ming Dynasty officials want to enroll
Let's check the book with Xu Wenjin
Did he carry it close to his body?
A big man should cherish
Don't pretend to sleep
Who are you and what do you want?
I'll tell you what!
I'm the son of the prefect
If anything happens to me
My father will never give up
Don't know his purpose yet
Don't hit him militarily for now
Deputy police repair
From today on, we are classmates
Pardon?
The chief asked you to live with me
I don't care. I saved your life last night
You owe me
Later you lay the floor
I am weak
Can't sleep
Besides, Brother Xu didn't say that he was Hao Nanfeng last night
Parents think they are pretty
Why is Brother Xu necessary but not enough?
Share a bed with this guy
Then wouldn't I be exposed at any time?
No, we have to find a way